---
title: PMHC MDS - Change to login workflow - introduction of MFA - 16/10/2024
---

#### PMHC-MDS - Change to login workflow - introduction of MFA ####

As part of Logicly’s ongoing commitment to data security and in response to
the Australian Signals Directorate’s Information Security Manual guidance, 
we are rolling out Multi-Factor Authentication (MFA) to all users that 
access the PMHC-MDS.

##### What is changing? #####

After entering your username and password you will be required to complete 
a second authentication step. MFA is an additional layer of authentication 
that works by requiring users to provide verification information (via a 
device they have) in addition to their email address/password (which they 
know) when logging in. Taken together these multiple “factors” are used 
to verify the user. 

Logicly’s authentication system supports a variety of additional factors, 
including:

* Push notifications sent to an application on the user’s smart mobile 
  device
* One-time passcodes generated by an application such as Google 
  Authenticator and entered by the user during login
* USB Security Keys which support WebAuthn with FIDO. These are connected 
  to the users computer and touched during login
* We have a user guide that will help step users through different options 
  and how to set them up: [https://docs.logicly.com.au/en/latest/mfa-user-guide](https://docs.logicly.com.au/en/latest/mfa-user-guide){:target="_blank"}.

##### When will this happen? #####

Logicly intends to release this change on 11th November 2024.  A reminder 
email will be sent in the days prior to the change.

##### Why is this happening? #####

The change is being made in order to meet security improvements around the 
authentication and authorisation process for the PMHC-MDS.

Please email [support@logicly.com.au](mailto:support@logicly.com.au) if you have any questions or issues.

Thank you

The PMHC-MDS team at Logicly